# Changes/Issues that need to be addressed

- replace JMOL tagging with suggestion from HW
- include identifiers in abstract
- figure out how to hide author names as "group authors"
- make decision on data statement tagging
- make decision on sub-image tagging
- review issue around identifiers in sub-articles